README.md, before:

# Future Expansion – Continued
A continuation of Sullien's [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/Sullien) great – and, now, defunct – [Future Expansion](https://github.com/Sullien/Future-Expansion) for [Unciv](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv).

This continued version merely fixes syntax to comply with Unciv's latest updates.

Sullien's mention of this in his original description is very subtle, so I believe it's worth pointing out: this mod is intended for use with the Gods & Kings ruleset.
## Discord
* Unciv's Discord server: [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/586194543280390151?color=%237289DA&logo=discord&logoColor=%23FFFFFF)](https://discord.gg/bjrB4Xw)  
    * Unciv's Discord's [mods channel](https://discord.com/channels/586194543280390151/1020322259094753360).
        * [Future Expansion category](https://discord.com/channels/586194543280390151/1020909710871887913), opened by Sullien himself.
## Alternative Uploads and Versions
My first and foremost aim with this reupload has always been preservation.  
I love playing Unciv with Sullien's mod and was really frustrated when later versions of the game broke it.

In the spirit of preservation, I believe multiple reuploads, mirrors and every other form of redundancy are not merely positive, but, indeed, needed, always.  
This is, after all, the beauty and strength of open-source: the unlimited potential for collaboration between all and every person who's willing to contribute.

The documentation now includes [a list of all other versions of Future Expansion I know of](/docs/alternative_versions.md).  
I'll be glad to add any others that are reported to me.
## WiP Warning
**This mod is still a WiP, limited by my currently restricted knowledge of Unciv, the original expansion mod and even the .json format or the game code.  
I can't guarantee its stability or usability in-game.  
I'll do my best to address any received feedback.  
Thanks in advance for your patience and tolerance.**
## Ownership Disclaimer
Inspired by the awesome Mlie [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/emipa606). 🙂

* This is an updated version of an existing mod.
* I claim no ownership of the mod.
* This version may be taken down by request from the original author.
* The original author is free to use this mod to update their own.
* Since I did not create the mod, I will not accept donations for it.
## Changelog
### 4.1.10
Implemented [Unciv's autoupdate mod workflow](https://yairm210.github.io/Unciv/Modders/Autoupdates/), to streamline updates to the mod's .json.
### 4.1.9
#### [Foreword](/docs/forewords.md#419)
Fixed almost all remaining green errors.
### 4.1.8
Fixed all (currently) remaining yellow errors:
* Suppressed the check for Artillery's obsolescence progression.  
(See [the foreword to version 4.1.5](/docs/forewords.md#415) for more details.).  
My thanks to ReallyBasicName [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/ReallyBasicName) for teaching me how to do it! 🙂
* Updated 2 uniques made obsolete in [Unciv 4.12.15](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/releases/tag/4.12.15).

Now, to deal with the remaining green errors.
### 4.1.7
#### [Foreword](/docs/forewords.md#417)
Alien Monolith no longer changes base terrain it's placed onto.
### 4.1.6
JK, change of plans. 😅  
An overdue documentation overhaul.

OK.  
Now, back to updating the mod.
### 4.1.5
#### [Foreword](/docs/forewords.md#415).
Fixed most errors reported by Unciv:
* All yellow errors are fixed, besides one, left on purpose (see foreword).
* All green errors not related to units fixed. For the others, see foreword.

Many thanks to Lodo the Bear [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/46xAeu5.png">](https://discordapp.com/users/lodothebear) [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/SpacedOutChicken) for all the help with these! 🙂
### 4.1.4.2
Fixing errors in preparation for the next major update – in which I hope to fix all remaining errors.
* Fixed several green errors.
* Fixed all yellow errors besides one. More details on a future foreword.
### 4.1.4.1
* Small changes to the documentation.
* Fixed the yellow errors to which the game's report provides alternatives, in preparation for the next major update – in which I hope to fix all remaining errors.
### 4.1.4
#### [Foreword](/docs/forewords.md#414).
Documentation now contains a file [listing all other versions of Future Expansion I know of](/docs/alternative_versions.md).
### 4.1.3.2
I'm an idiot and actually forgot a .json, because it was on a subfolder. 🤦‍♂️
### 4.1.3.1
Corrections to some file links.
### 4.1.3
#### [Foreword](/docs/forewords.md#413).
Documentation and comments changes:
* All comments left by Sullien within the .json have been moved to [a separate file](/docs/authors_comments.md).
* All forewords to updates are now contained on [a separate file](/docs/forewords.md).
* Due to my inexperience, I wrongly believed Unciv was written in JS because it uses .json.  
[I recently learned it's written in Kotlin](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/issues/11689#issuecomment-2150907477), so I went back and tried to change the mistakes I made in the documentation.
### 4.1.2
#### [Foreword](/docs/forewords.md#412).
Alien Monolith now converts base terrain to desert, to comply with Unciv's current syntax. 
### 4.1.1
* Changed instant building abilities uniques values to comply with Unciv's current syntax.
* Corrected a few minor syntax errors.
## Original Mod Description
Mod that greatly expands the late-game eras, with a focus on Atomic, Information and Future eras.

The main objective is to prevent the late-game from feeling stale by introducing new units, improvements and mechanics. 

While this mod extends game length, the goal is to not extend it too long. If you have any feedback/suggestions feel free to contact me.

### Latest Version Changelog(4.1)-9/18/2022

-Lowered all Post-Industrial Tech costs by 10%

-Private Grids now provide -30% Science

-Lowered overall costs of Civilian units

-Unique Cavalry units no longer upgrade to Landships

-Unique Rifleman no longer upgrade to Great War Infantry

-Pillaging Improvements now yields gold

-Completing the Futurism Policy now enables you to purchase Great Spacefarers with faith

-Excavation sites now provide -4 Gold and -1 Culture

-Perks no longer provide negative culture after adopting Constitution

-Modern and later era units are no longer unlocked by Perks

-Reworked Perks so they are now all limited by Eras

-Social Network Company has -5% Happiness

-Slightly buffered Space Organization

-Medical Labs and Tactical Supplier no longer require a Perk

-Recycling Centers and Drones no longer require a Perk

-Late Atomic-Era and Information era Stat buildings no longer require a Perk

-Mechanized Infantry no longer consumes Iron

-Tanks and Modern Armor now consume 1 Oil

-Future-era wonders are now shown on the Tech tree

-Teleport Station now affects Future Soldiers

-Space Elevator now provides Great Person Generation bonuses to all cities, and doubles them on Capital

-Coal Plant now requires the Electricity Tech

-Power Plants now provide -2 power

-Scientific Theory now provides +1 Gold to Trading Post

-Recon now updates to Paratrooper

-Recon, Paratroopers and Future Soldier now gain the Skirmish Promotion

-Stadiums no longer require a Perk

-Ecology now provides +1 Food to Lumber Mills

-Radio now unlocks the Resort Improvement

-Aluminum is now revealed by Replaceable Parts	

--
Should be compatible with any mod that does not directly alter the G&K Tech Tree

Commit message:

Updates to README.md.
Changes to be committed:
	modified:   README.md

README.md, after:

# Future Expansion – Continued
A continuation of Sullien's [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/Sullien) great – and, now, defunct – [Future Expansion](https://github.com/Sullien/Future-Expansion) for [Unciv](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv).

This continued version merely fixes syntax to comply with Unciv's latest updates.

Sullien's mention of this in his original description is very subtle, so I believe it's worth pointing out: this mod is intended for use with the Gods & Kings ruleset.

Future Expansion Continued is pretty much done! ✊🏻  
Many thanks to all of those who helped, played and/or cheered for it. You're all awesome and I – literally 😄 – couldn't have done it without you.
## Discord
* Unciv's Discord server: [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/586194543280390151?color=%237289DA&logo=discord&logoColor=%23FFFFFF)](https://discord.gg/bjrB4Xw)  
    * Unciv's Discord's [mods channel](https://discord.com/channels/586194543280390151/1020322259094753360).
        * [Future Expansion category](https://discord.com/channels/586194543280390151/1020909710871887913), opened by Sullien himself.
## Alternative Uploads and Versions
My first and foremost aim with this reupload has always been preservation.  
I love playing Unciv with Sullien's mod and was really frustrated when later versions of the game broke it.

In the spirit of preservation, I believe multiple reuploads, mirrors and every other form of redundancy are not merely positive, but, indeed, needed, always.  
This is, after all, the beauty and strength of open-source: the unlimited potential for collaboration between all and every person who's willing to contribute.

The documentation now includes [a list of all other versions of Future Expansion I know of](/docs/alternative_versions.md).  
I'll be glad to add any others that are reported to me.
## State of the Mod
I'm very happy to announce that, as of [Unciv's 4.13.16 release](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/releases/tag/4.13.16), Future Expansion Continued is 100% free of error reports. ✊🏻  
I also implemented Unciv's mod autoupload workflow, so deprecated uniques and other standard updates to the base game should be seamlessly incorporated.

Therefore, I consider my work on the reupload done, hopefully honouring Sullien's work and allowing players to keep enjoying this awesome mod.

I will, of course, still be keeping an eye on any issues that may arise in the future, to keep the mod functional.  
And any feedback is still very much welcome. 🙂
## Future Plans
The mod itself is completely up-to-date em error-free, but a single item from my to-do list still remains: a detailed table of contents.  
This is not gonna be easy, since Sullien included so much awesome stuff in Future Expansion. And it's likely gonna be seen by very few people, since most players will likely install the mod from the Mod Manager.  
But I still want to do it, specially since it's gonna help me on my next goal.
And, speaking of that...


...I will be resuming work on Future Expansion Enhanced, my own customizations to Future Expansion. 🙌🏻  
And at a fortuitous time, no less, 'cause the devs recently started implementing mod-dependency systems.
Stay tuned!
## Ownership Disclaimer
Inspired by the awesome Mlie [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/emipa606). 🙂

* This is an updated version of an existing mod.
* I claim no ownership of the mod.
* This version may be taken down by request from the original author.
* The original author is free to use this mod to update their own.
* Since I did not create the mod, I will not accept donations for it.
## Changelog
### 4.1.10
Implemented [Unciv's autoupdate mod workflow](https://yairm210.github.io/Unciv/Modders/Autoupdates/), to streamline updates to the mod's .json.
### 4.1.9
#### [Foreword](/docs/forewords.md#419)
Fixed almost all remaining green errors.
### 4.1.8
Fixed all (currently) remaining yellow errors:
* Suppressed the check for Artillery's obsolescence progression.  
(See [the foreword to version 4.1.5](/docs/forewords.md#415) for more details.).  
My thanks to ReallyBasicName [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/ReallyBasicName) for teaching me how to do it! 🙂
* Updated 2 uniques made obsolete in [Unciv 4.12.15](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/releases/tag/4.12.15).

Now, to deal with the remaining green errors.
### 4.1.7
#### [Foreword](/docs/forewords.md#417)
Alien Monolith no longer changes base terrain it's placed onto.
### 4.1.6
JK, change of plans. 😅  
An overdue documentation overhaul.

OK.  
Now, back to updating the mod.
### 4.1.5
#### [Foreword](/docs/forewords.md#415).
Fixed most errors reported by Unciv:
* All yellow errors are fixed, besides one, left on purpose (see foreword).
* All green errors not related to units fixed. For the others, see foreword.

Many thanks to Lodo the Bear [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/46xAeu5.png">](https://discordapp.com/users/lodothebear) [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/SpacedOutChicken) for all the help with these! 🙂
### 4.1.4.2
Fixing errors in preparation for the next major update – in which I hope to fix all remaining errors.
* Fixed several green errors.
* Fixed all yellow errors besides one. More details on a future foreword.
### 4.1.4.1
* Small changes to the documentation.
* Fixed the yellow errors to which the game's report provides alternatives, in preparation for the next major update – in which I hope to fix all remaining errors.
### 4.1.4
#### [Foreword](/docs/forewords.md#414).
Documentation now contains a file [listing all other versions of Future Expansion I know of](/docs/alternative_versions.md).
### 4.1.3.2
I'm an idiot and actually forgot a .json, because it was on a subfolder. 🤦‍♂️
### 4.1.3.1
Corrections to some file links.
### 4.1.3
#### [Foreword](/docs/forewords.md#413).
Documentation and comments changes:
* All comments left by Sullien within the .json have been moved to [a separate file](/docs/authors_comments.md).
* All forewords to updates are now contained on [a separate file](/docs/forewords.md).
* Due to my inexperience, I wrongly believed Unciv was written in JS because it uses .json.  
[I recently learned it's written in Kotlin](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/issues/11689#issuecomment-2150907477), so I went back and tried to change the mistakes I made in the documentation.
### 4.1.2
#### [Foreword](/docs/forewords.md#412).
Alien Monolith now converts base terrain to desert, to comply with Unciv's current syntax. 
### 4.1.1
* Changed instant building abilities uniques values to comply with Unciv's current syntax.
* Corrected a few minor syntax errors.
## Original Mod Description
Mod that greatly expands the late-game eras, with a focus on Atomic, Information and Future eras.

The main objective is to prevent the late-game from feeling stale by introducing new units, improvements and mechanics. 

While this mod extends game length, the goal is to not extend it too long. If you have any feedback/suggestions feel free to contact me.

### Latest Version Changelog(4.1)-9/18/2022

-Lowered all Post-Industrial Tech costs by 10%

-Private Grids now provide -30% Science

-Lowered overall costs of Civilian units

-Unique Cavalry units no longer upgrade to Landships

-Unique Rifleman no longer upgrade to Great War Infantry

-Pillaging Improvements now yields gold

-Completing the Futurism Policy now enables you to purchase Great Spacefarers with faith

-Excavation sites now provide -4 Gold and -1 Culture

-Perks no longer provide negative culture after adopting Constitution

-Modern and later era units are no longer unlocked by Perks

-Reworked Perks so they are now all limited by Eras

-Social Network Company has -5% Happiness

-Slightly buffered Space Organization

-Medical Labs and Tactical Supplier no longer require a Perk

-Recycling Centers and Drones no longer require a Perk

-Late Atomic-Era and Information era Stat buildings no longer require a Perk

-Mechanized Infantry no longer consumes Iron

-Tanks and Modern Armor now consume 1 Oil

-Future-era wonders are now shown on the Tech tree

-Teleport Station now affects Future Soldiers

-Space Elevator now provides Great Person Generation bonuses to all cities, and doubles them on Capital

-Coal Plant now requires the Electricity Tech

-Power Plants now provide -2 power

-Scientific Theory now provides +1 Gold to Trading Post

-Recon now updates to Paratrooper

-Recon, Paratroopers and Future Soldier now gain the Skirmish Promotion

-Stadiums no longer require a Perk

-Ecology now provides +1 Food to Lumber Mills

-Radio now unlocks the Resort Improvement

-Aluminum is now revealed by Replaceable Parts	

--
Should be compatible with any mod that does not directly alter the G&K Tech Tree
