docs/forewords.md, before:

# Forewords
## 4.1.9
I'm done fixing all remaining green errors, with the exception of a few warnings about non-filtering uniques, namely:
* `Anti-Aircraft Gun's unique "Anti-Air" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Mobile SAM's unique "Anti-Air" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Observation Balloon's unique "Intel" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Drone's unique "Intel" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Hacker's unique "Hacker" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Stealth Hacker's unique "Hacker" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Hover-SAM's unique "Anti-Air" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Brainiac's unique "Hacker" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Monolith Brainiac's unique "Hacker" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`

These uniques are actually fine.  
[The devs have stated Unciv detects uniques used as tagging and doesn't flag them](https://discord.com/channels/586194543280390151/664739473367760908/1275546732100456622), but it is happening in this case, even though those uniques **are** being used as tags.  
I suspect this is happening because they're only used in a different .json, `UnitTypes.json`, and not `Units.json` itself.

Unciv also doesn't allow suppressing these reports, as stated in [the documentation](https://yairm210.github.io/Unciv/Modders/uniques/#modoptions-uniques):  
> Allows suppressing specific validation warnings. Errors, deprecation warnings, or warnings about untyped and non-filtering uniques should be heeded, not suppressed, and are therefore not accepted.

Regardless, I've opened [a bug report](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/issues/12282) describing the issue.  
Let's see if the devs agree this deserves to be fixed.
## 4.1.7
(For further context, see [my foreword to 4.1.2](/docs/forewords.md#412).)

As of [4.13.13](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/releases/tag/4.13.13), natural wonders are no longer required to change the base terrain they're placed onto.  
(Whaddayaknow? It seems my previous suggestion [actually had something to do with it](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/pull/12062).)

Therefore, I have reverted my previous changes to Alien Monolith.
## 4.1.5
I'm now mostly done fixing errors reported by Unciv.

The remaining green errors are all related to units.  
Some are likely only comments and, thus, easy to fix. But some are, so to speak, *unique uniques* Sullien introduced to tag units and apply vulnerability or strength mechanics (e. g. `[+25]% Strength <for [Bio] units>`). These will be a harder fix, at least for me.  
So I decided to finish this major release as is and I'll fix these uniques when I have a better idea of how to implement the mechanics within Unciv's current standards.

The remaining yellow error pertains to the Artillery and Rocket Artillery units.  
Unciv's default (as with Civ 5), in most cases, is making a unit type obsolete ASA its following counterpart is available. It's an interesting design choice, IMO, because, IRL, many nations throughout History have trained troops and produced equipment below their currently available state-of-the-art, mostly to conserve resources. IDK if this has balancing purposes, if Firaxis thought it would make the game feel weird or what. I can only speculate.  
Anyway, in Unciv, it's entirely possible for mods to allow units to be produced alongside their future counterparts. And Sullien left the code such that Artillery, which is superseded by Rocket Artillery, can still be produced well after the later is available.  
Rocket Artillery does have a successor of sorts in this mod, which is Hovertillery. And, because Hovertillery is unlocked by a perk (an in-mod special type of wonder) and not a tech, there's a small window in which it's entirely possible to have all 3 types of artillery available to produce.  
As I've said before, I don't want to alter Sullien's vision in this mod and (currently, anyway) have no way of knowing his original intentions. So I'm leaving it as it is, a rather amusing quirk of the mod's unit progression.
## 4.1.4
I imagine some would argue against a change in documentation warranting a new release, especially considering most players browse Unciv mods through the game client, that doesn't display documentation in any way.  
But I'd argue this is an update – and, correspondingly, a release – of the reupload side (as opposed to the mod side) of the repo.  
As I stated on the readme, my first and foremost aim with this reupload has always been preservation. This is, actually, the most important aspect of the repo to me. I'd want the mod to continue in any way or form, regardless of me having any hand on it.  
And, since I haven't found a list of mirrors anywhere else, I believe this update is very relevant, indeed.
***
Future Expansion – Continued is approaching the end of my original plans when reuploading the mod.  
I still need to correct the mod's yellow errors currently reported by Unciv, but that will require a greater understanding of how the game handles mods, that I don't currently have.  
I will now attempt to start tackling that, so I can achieve a mostly definitive release, go to maintenance mode – only following up on Unciv's updates and fixing reported issues – and focus on my as-yet-unreleased mod of Future Expansion.
## 4.1.3
I'm strongly concerned about information loss and would like to think it's a personal cause for preservation, but truth is me being prolix and a hoarder probably has a lot to do with it.  
Anyhow, I'm doing some cleanup, but taking measures to preserve what's being removed by moving to alternative locations, instead.

When [I had to update the mod due to a change in the game's checks' stringency](/docs/forewords.md#4.1.2) it got me thinking about Sullien's code comments.  
There's [a whole movement against commenting code](https://www.google.com/search?q=don%27t%20comment%20code), but I'm personally mostly favorable to comments – again: prolix.  
In this case, however, arguing is moot, as [.json is a format that doesn't support comments by design](https://www.stefanjudis.com/notes/why-doesnt-json-support-comments/). Who knows when Unciv's checks might start being stringent about that, too?  
That's why I'm removing all of Sullien's comments from the .json and preserving them on [a separate file](https://github.com/denismattos/Future-Expansion-Continued/blob/main/authors_comments.md).

I'm also moving all previous and any forthcoming updates' forewords to this separate file, here.
## 4.1.2
TL;DR: I had to pick a terrain for a natural wonder, because one of the game's checks became more strict.

RtFM:  
Starting with [4.8.15](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/releases/tag/4.8.15), Unciv's ruleset validator requires all Natural Wonders to contain `turnsInto`, an attribute that [determines which type will the base terrain be after the map generation places the wonder](https://yairm210.github.io/Unciv/Modders/Mod-file-structure/3-Map-related-JSON-files/#terrainsjson).  
As of 4.11.16, there's no way to escape this check, so a Natural Wonder must necessarily change the base terrain it's placed onto.  
This wasn't the case when Sullien developed Future Expansion and this presents me with one of the common issues with reuploading old mods: making decisions over work that isn't actually mine.

The obvious solutions, as was pointed out to me on the game's Discord, are simply picking a terrain type that makes sense or creating a new terrain type to use with the wonder. However, both solutions mean I will essentially be creatively altering the mod, something I specifically want to avoid on this reupload (I'm planning a fork with my own modifications, but it's still a WiP.).  
If the wonder in question's `occursOn` attribute had only one terrain type listed, this would be easy (I'd just pick the same type), but it lists 2: Desert and Plains – which makes sense, considering Sullien's inspiration was likely the monolith from [2001: A Space Odyssey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001:_A_Space_Odyssey_(disambiguation)), which, at least in [the movie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001:_A_Space_Odyssey), appears on an arid landscape.

The stopgap measure I implemented was picking Desert as the modified terrain type, considering [the landscape in the movie is exceedingly arid, with only rocks and dust](https://th.bing.com/th/id/OIP.B3yBG_AcusZNl0l_F3Q1iAHaEK?rs=1&pid=ImgDetMain), and the Plains terrain type is meant to represent more of a semi-arid climate, as indicated by [the base terrain having 1 Food and 1 Production yields, both in Civ 5 and Unciv](https://breeze.nohost.network/civilization/wiki/Plains_(Civ5)), as opposed to Desert, [which yields nothing](https://breeze.nohost.network/civilization/wiki/Desert_(Civ5)).  
(The best solution would probably be creating an Alien Monolith terrain type, but that would require a knowledge of the game – i. e., Kotlin – much greater than my currently meager understanding and, also, some artistic skills I lack and don't have the time to develop – at least, not now.)

However, I intend this to be temporary, as I feel the game should allow the base terrain beneath a wonder to remain the same.  
In fact, I'd argue the very allowance of `occursOn` for a list of strings implies demanding a definite type in `turnsInto` breaks coherence in terrain design.  
For whatever it's worth, [I've already suggested the devs implement a provision to not change the terrain](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/issues/11689).  
I could try pushing this myself if I knew more Kotlin, but, as I said, that's not the case.  
Maybe I'll be able to do it, in the future, if someone's not already done it, by then.  
2<sup>nd</sup>-best solution could maybe be the new, dedicated terrain type. But I'd rather pursue the former.

Commit message:

Espionage implemented.
Changes to be committed:
	modified:   README.md
	modified:   docs/forewords.md
	modified:   jsons/Eras.json

docs/forewords.md, after:

# Forewords
## 4.1.12
Potatoproduction's [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/potatoproduction) [Future Expansion Fixed](https://github.com/Potatoproduction/Future-Expansion-Fixed) fork made me realize I'd forgotten to tackled the Espionage issue.  
Future Expansion didn't have espionage, but Unciv hadn't implemented espionage when Sullien [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/Sullien) developed the mod. And, as it always happens in these situations, this gave me pause. I don't like deciding what Sullien would or wouldn't have implemented on the mod, were it still under his purview.  
Since I have no means of asking him directly, I did the next best thing, IMO: I opened a poll on Future Expansion's [Discord category](https://discord.com/channels/586194543280390151/1020909710871887913). And, [by unanimity](https://discord.com/channels/586194543280390151/1020909710871887913/1347416819882791005), the community chose to have espionage implemented.  
And that's all this update does.
## 4.1.9
I'm done fixing all remaining green errors, with the exception of a few warnings about non-filtering uniques, namely:
* `Anti-Aircraft Gun's unique "Anti-Air" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Mobile SAM's unique "Anti-Air" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Observation Balloon's unique "Intel" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Drone's unique "Intel" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Hacker's unique "Hacker" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Stealth Hacker's unique "Hacker" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Hover-SAM's unique "Anti-Air" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Brainiac's unique "Hacker" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`
* `Monolith Brainiac's unique "Hacker" not found in Unciv's unique types, and is not used as a filtering unique.`

These uniques are actually fine.  
[The devs have stated Unciv detects uniques used as tagging and doesn't flag them](https://discord.com/channels/586194543280390151/664739473367760908/1275546732100456622), but it is happening in this case, even though those uniques **are** being used as tags.  
I suspect this is happening because they're only used in a different .json, `UnitTypes.json`, and not `Units.json` itself.

Unciv also doesn't allow suppressing these reports, as stated in [the documentation](https://yairm210.github.io/Unciv/Modders/uniques/#modoptions-uniques):  
> Allows suppressing specific validation warnings. Errors, deprecation warnings, or warnings about untyped and non-filtering uniques should be heeded, not suppressed, and are therefore not accepted.

Regardless, I've opened [a bug report](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/issues/12282) describing the issue.  
Let's see if the devs agree this deserves to be fixed.
## 4.1.7
(For further context, see [my foreword to 4.1.2](/docs/forewords.md#412).)

As of [4.13.13](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/releases/tag/4.13.13), natural wonders are no longer required to change the base terrain they're placed onto.  
(Whaddayaknow? It seems my previous suggestion [actually had something to do with it](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/pull/12062).)

Therefore, I have reverted my previous changes to Alien Monolith.
## 4.1.5
I'm now mostly done fixing errors reported by Unciv.

The remaining green errors are all related to units.  
Some are likely only comments and, thus, easy to fix. But some are, so to speak, *unique uniques* Sullien [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/Sullien) introduced to tag units and apply vulnerability or strength mechanics (e. g. `[+25]% Strength <for [Bio] units>`). These will be a harder fix, at least for me.  
So I decided to finish this major release as is and I'll fix these uniques when I have a better idea of how to implement the mechanics within Unciv's current standards.

The remaining yellow error pertains to the Artillery and Rocket Artillery units.  
Unciv's default (as with Civ 5), in most cases, is making a unit type obsolete ASA its following counterpart is available. It's an interesting design choice, IMO, because, IRL, many nations throughout History have trained troops and produced equipment below their currently available state-of-the-art, mostly to conserve resources. IDK if this has balancing purposes, if Firaxis thought it would make the game feel weird or what. I can only speculate.  
Anyway, in Unciv, it's entirely possible for mods to allow units to be produced alongside their future counterparts. And Sullien left the code such that Artillery, which is superseded by Rocket Artillery, can still be produced well after the later is available.  
Rocket Artillery does have a successor of sorts in this mod, which is Hovertillery. And, because Hovertillery is unlocked by a perk (an in-mod special type of wonder) and not a tech, there's a small window in which it's entirely possible to have all 3 types of artillery available to produce.  
As I've said before, I don't want to alter Sullien's vision in this mod and (currently, anyway) have no way of knowing his original intentions. So I'm leaving it as it is, a rather amusing quirk of the mod's unit progression.
## 4.1.4
I imagine some would argue against a change in documentation warranting a new release, especially considering most players browse Unciv mods through the game client, that doesn't display documentation in any way.  
But I'd argue this is an update – and, correspondingly, a release – of the reupload side (as opposed to the mod side) of the repo.  
As I stated on the readme, my first and foremost aim with this reupload has always been preservation. This is, actually, the most important aspect of the repo to me. I'd want the mod to continue in any way or form, regardless of me having any hand on it.  
And, since I haven't found a list of mirrors anywhere else, I believe this update is very relevant, indeed.
***
Future Expansion – Continued is approaching the end of my original plans when reuploading the mod.  
I still need to correct the mod's yellow errors currently reported by Unciv, but that will require a greater understanding of how the game handles mods, that I don't currently have.  
I will now attempt to start tackling that, so I can achieve a mostly definitive release, go to maintenance mode – only following up on Unciv's updates and fixing reported issues – and focus on my as-yet-unreleased mod of Future Expansion.
## 4.1.3
I'm strongly concerned about information loss and would like to think it's a personal cause for preservation, but truth is me being prolix and a hoarder probably has a lot to do with it.  
Anyhow, I'm doing some cleanup, but taking measures to preserve what's being removed by moving to alternative locations, instead.

When [I had to update the mod due to a change in the game's checks' stringency](/docs/forewords.md#4.1.2) it got me thinking about Sullien's [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/Sullien) code comments.  
There's [a whole movement against commenting code](https://www.google.com/search?q=don%27t%20comment%20code), but I'm personally mostly favorable to comments – again: prolix.  
In this case, however, arguing is moot, as [.json is a format that doesn't support comments by design](https://www.stefanjudis.com/notes/why-doesnt-json-support-comments/). Who knows when Unciv's checks might start being stringent about that, too?  
That's why I'm removing all of Sullien's comments from the .json and preserving them on [a separate file](https://github.com/denismattos/Future-Expansion-Continued/blob/main/authors_comments.md).

I'm also moving all previous and any forthcoming updates' forewords to this separate file, here.
## 4.1.2
TL;DR: I had to pick a terrain for a natural wonder, because one of the game's checks became more strict.

RtFM:  
Starting with [4.8.15](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/releases/tag/4.8.15), Unciv's ruleset validator requires all Natural Wonders to contain `turnsInto`, an attribute that [determines which type will the base terrain be after the map generation places the wonder](https://yairm210.github.io/Unciv/Modders/Mod-file-structure/3-Map-related-JSON-files/#terrainsjson).  
As of 4.11.16, there's no way to escape this check, so a Natural Wonder must necessarily change the base terrain it's placed onto.  
This wasn't the case when Sullien [<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qdtKSSq.png">](https://github.com/Sullien) developed Future Expansion and this presents me with one of the common issues with reuploading old mods: making decisions over work that isn't actually mine.

The obvious solutions, as was pointed out to me on the game's Discord, are simply picking a terrain type that makes sense or creating a new terrain type to use with the wonder. However, both solutions mean I will essentially be creatively altering the mod, something I specifically want to avoid on this reupload (I'm planning a fork with my own modifications, but it's still a WiP.).  
If the wonder in question's `occursOn` attribute had only one terrain type listed, this would be easy (I'd just pick the same type), but it lists 2: Desert and Plains – which makes sense, considering Sullien's inspiration was likely the monolith from [2001: A Space Odyssey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001:_A_Space_Odyssey_(disambiguation)), which, at least in [the movie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001:_A_Space_Odyssey), appears on an arid landscape.

The stopgap measure I implemented was picking Desert as the modified terrain type, considering [the landscape in the movie is exceedingly arid, with only rocks and dust](https://th.bing.com/th/id/OIP.B3yBG_AcusZNl0l_F3Q1iAHaEK?rs=1&pid=ImgDetMain), and the Plains terrain type is meant to represent more of a semi-arid climate, as indicated by [the base terrain having 1 Food and 1 Production yields, both in Civ 5 and Unciv](https://breeze.nohost.network/civilization/wiki/Plains_(Civ5)), as opposed to Desert, [which yields nothing](https://breeze.nohost.network/civilization/wiki/Desert_(Civ5)).  
(The best solution would probably be creating an Alien Monolith terrain type, but that would require a knowledge of the game – i. e., Kotlin – much greater than my currently meager understanding and, also, some artistic skills I lack and don't have the time to develop – at least, not now.)

However, I intend this to be temporary, as I feel the game should allow the base terrain beneath a wonder to remain the same.  
In fact, I'd argue the very allowance of `occursOn` for a list of strings implies demanding a definite type in `turnsInto` breaks coherence in terrain design.  
For whatever it's worth, [I've already suggested the devs implement a provision to not change the terrain](https://github.com/yairm210/Unciv/issues/11689).  
I could try pushing this myself if I knew more Kotlin, but, as I said, that's not the case.  
Maybe I'll be able to do it, in the future, if someone's not already done it, by then.  
2<sup>nd</sup>-best solution could maybe be the new, dedicated terrain type. But I'd rather pursue the former.
